# V.Art
Hereditarily speaking, I am very sensitive to waves, such as electric magnetic fields and other fields or waves, and radiations. Of course good ones as well such as Qi, SuperLight, A Nuous, Chi, Biomagnetic Energy, Wilhelm Reich's Orgone Energy, Tesler's Free Earth Energy, Animal Magnetism, Space Energy, Vacuum Energy, Zero Point Energy, Life Force, Neutrino，etc. with different names depending on different cultures and different fields(by John Milewski).  IT and its development has covered the whole earth now, just like a fisherman covering a huge net on the whole globe to catch whatever is inside the net. Once someone succeeded in doing so, one after another fisherman launches an artificial satellite. Then, sensitive people like me feel like not being able to breathe the natural clean sky energy that used to be. I am not against such technological development and its convenience around our daily life.  I used to suffer from working on the computers back in 1990's. But I overcame that because of my invention, US patent, http://dp51070338.lolipop.jp/patent2.jpg The pictures taken over the device alleviate EMF and radiation. The waves coming from the device, that like like constant spring water. though invisible, giving those sensitive people like me comforts. So music and sound will be ok as well. I am not a good marketer, so just some people I could contact and sensitive have appreciated them. I hope and wish you could help the earthlings including those sensitive people and the whole globe in a way, SDGs. I hope if you ask someone in your company who is sensitive to EMF or waves, that will help. Usually one out of ten people. one out of 1000 is very sensitive and psychic once in a while.
